Doc for cased wellbore problem (#1542)
GEOSX/GEOSX: src/docs/sphinx/advancedExamples/elasticCasedWellbore/Index.rst

.. _AdvancedExampleCasedElasticWellbore:

####################################################
Cased Elastic Wellbore Problem without Fluid Flow
####################################################

------------------------------------------------------------------
Problem description
------------------------------------------------------------------

This example uses the solid mechanics solver to handle a cased wellbore problem subjected to a pressure test. The completed wellbore is composed of a steel casing, a cement sheath and rock formation. Isotropic linear elastic behavior is assumed for all the three materials. No separation is allowed for the casing-cement and cement-rock contact interfaces.

> Analytical results of the radial and hoop stresses, :math:`\sigma_{rr}` and :math:`\sigma_{\theta\theta}`, in casing, cement sheath and rock are expressed as:

Author: ```suggestion
Analytical results of the radial and hoop stresses, :math:`\sigma_{rr}` and :math:`\sigma_{\theta\theta}`, in casing, cement sheath and rock are expressed as (Hervé and Zaoui, 1995):
```

.. math::
   \sigma_{rr} = ( 2.0 * \lambda + 2.0 * G ) * A - \frac{2.0 * G * B}{r^2}
   \sigma_{\theta\theta} = ( 2.0 * \lambda + 2.0 * G ) * A + \frac{2.0 * G * B}{r^2}

where :math:`\lambda` and :math:`G` are the Lamé moduli, :math:`r` is the radial coordinate, :math:`A` and :math:`B` are piecewise constants that can be obtained by solving the boundary and interface conditions as detailed in the benchmark script.

> 

Author: Added the reference of Hervé and Zaoui (1995) where this analytical results can be found.

 
.. literalinclude:: src/coreComponents/physicsSolvers/solidMechanics/benchmarks/CasedElasticWellbore.xml
  :language: xml
  :start-after: <!-- SPHINX_WellboreMesh -->
  :end-before: <!-- SPHINX_WellboreMeshEnd -->

.. figure:: mesh.png
   :align: center
   :figclass: align-center

   Mesh for simulating a cased wellbore

Constitutives: define steel, cement and rock properties
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Isotropic linear elastic constitutive behavior is considered for all the three materials. Note that the default density is useless for this case.

.. literalinclude:: src/coreComponents/physicsSolvers/solidMechanics/benchmarks/CasedElasticWellbore.xml
  :language: xml
  :start-after: <!-- SPHINX_Material -->
  :end-before: <!-- SPHINX_MaterialEnd -->

FieldSpecifications: define boundary conditions
--------------------------------------------------------------------

> Far-field boundary are fixed in displacements. The normal traction on the inner face of the casing is defined by ``Traction`` field specification. The nodeset generated by the internal wellbore generator for the inner face is ``rneg``. The traction type for defining a casing test pressure that is normal to the casing inner face is ``normal``. The negative sign of the scale value is because of the negative sign convention for compressional stress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Far-field boundary are subjected to roller constraints. The normal traction on the inner face of the casing is defined by ``Traction`` field specification. The nodeset generated by the internal wellbore generator for this face is named as ``rneg``. The traction type is ``normal`` to mimic a casing test pressure that is applied normal to the casing inner face . The negative sign of the scale is attributed to the negative sign convention for compressive stress in GEOSX.
```
